Skunkland was founded in December 2011 by Spaceskunks.
New Kingsburg was the first city founded in Skunkland.
The Crevasse once had Super Mario Bros. art decorating its walls.
Mount Pacifica is the home of the United Nations of Skunkland.  Its founders convened only once and a proper facility has yet to be constructed.
Herschel, a pack mule, is the most mentioned character in Skunkland.
Admin 'thursiya' never went to the original End dimension and has only ever been once to the post 1.9 version.
Speurach Torr has been the tallest building in Skunkland since April of 2014.  Previously it was the Operis Corporate Tower in New Kingsburg (built in January 2012).
The flight codes appearing in airports are unique to their destinations.  The first digit represents the country, the second the region, the third which airport, and the last which flight. So flight 1301 would be the first flight to Persson International Airport (Enlil province, Gavel).
Until July of 2015 Eweton was the largest city in Crevatia, always a little larger than the capital, Crevasse.  Eweton still houses important Crevatian government ministries.
Watch your step when approaching Delve City at sunset: the walkways submerge into the lava moat at night!
Some of the villagers in Delve City and parts of Crevatia are so old they'll take beef trades.
Nebby28 originally built a tunnel and rail from Aiur all the way to Crevatia before wisely deciding to build a nether connection.
Space Town is a good place for new players to go and get comfortable with the basics of Minecraft.
The tallest all-residential building in Skunkland is Harbour Apartments in William's Harbour.  Residents had the best view of Skunkland's first New Year's fireworks display.
The majority of Auverland was constructed in less than a year!
Quackey958 is known to even type 'zzz' when there are no other players online.
The first business to offer items for sale on a sign was the Big Kahuna Burger in the food court of the Red Rose Mall in Faclair.
Signs with green text are offering something for sale.  Make sure to stop by a bank to trade some emeralds in for the local currency so you can shop freely!
2017-04-17: The day a creeper finally found its way into Dropkickz' building made out of TNT...
New players looking for a safe home base to adventure from should go to Huskguard in AltSpawn1.
Delve City once housed an extensive underground market but slime incursions forced a reconstruction.
Faclair's cities are unique in being highly urbanized with few outskirts making it difficult to tell where one city ends and another begins.
Lumina is built entirely on a mycelium island so it does not need to worry about mobs spawning on its dark streets.